[Vectorize] Update Vectorize Dev Docs according to V2 Spec (#16409)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/vectorize/reference/metadata-filtering.mdx

  order: 6
---

import { Render, PackageManagers } from "~/components";

# Metadata Filtering

:::note[Enable metadata filtering]

> Vectorize requires metadata indexes to be specified before vectors are inserted to support metadata filtering. Please refer to [Vectorize API](/vectorize/reference/client-api/#create-metadata-index) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vectorize requires metadata indexes to be specified before vectors are inserted to support metadata filtering. Please refer to [Create metadata indexes](/vectorize/get-started/intro/#4-optional-create-metadata-indexes) for details.
```
